Keep on going never give up.
Never put off what you can do today until tomorrow.
Believe in yourself. 
You think you can, you can.
I can because i think i can.
Action speak louder than words.
Never say die.
Winners do what losers don't want to do.
Jack of all trades and master of none.
Wasting time is robbing oneself.
Judge not from appearances.
Whatever is worth doing is worth doing well.
Don't give up and don't give in.
Life is but a span.
Do one thing at a time, and do well.
Zero in your target,and go for it.
Give more than you planned to.
Hang on to your dreams.
Take control of your own desting.
Live well, love lots, and laugh often.
Quitters never win and winners never quit.
You're uinique, nothing can replace you.
Understand yourself in order to better understanding others.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Knowlegde can change your fate and English can accomplish your future.
Learn and live.
Let bygones be bygones.
Life is not all roses.
Knowledge is power.
Knowledge makes humble, ignorance makes proud.
Read, study and learn about everything imporant in your life.
Enrich your life today,. yesterday is history.tomorrow is mystery.
Learn to walk before you run.
Wise men learn by other men's mistakes; fools by their own.
If a thing is worth doing it is worth worth doing well.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting.
The important thing in life is to have a great aim, and the determination to attain it.
Asking costs nothing. 
Better an empty purse than an empty head.
Big mouthfuls ofter choke.
Bind the sack before it be full.
Constant dropping wears the stone. 
Experience is the mother of wisdom.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
Pursue your object, be it what it will, steadily and indefatigably. 
Every man is his own worst enemy.
From small beginnings comes great things. 
Keep trying no matter how hard it seems. it will get easier.
Birth is much, but breeding is more.
Misfortunes tell us what fortune is.
Never give up, Never lose the opportunity to succeed .
All things come to those who wait.
Nothing seek, nothing find. 
Wisdom in the mind is better than money in the hand.
Bitter pills may have wholesome effects.
He that can have patience, can have what he will.
Self-distrust is the cause of most of our failures.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Work makes the workman.
Constant dropping wears the stone. 
Between two stools one falls to the ground.
Sow nothing, reap nothing.
By reading we enrich the mind; by conversation we polish it.
Pain past is pleasure.
The voice of one man is the voice of no one. 
A great ship asks for deep waters.
Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.
The shortest answer is doing.
Four short words sum up what has lifted most successful individuals above the crowd: a little bit more.
All things in their being are good for something.
Difficult circumstances serve as a textbook of life for people.
Failure is the mother of success. 
For man is man and master of his fate.
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
A thousand-li journey is started by taking the first step. 
All things in their being are good for something.
While there is life, there is hope.
To an optimist every change is a change for the better.
Never underestimate your power to change yourself！
Storms make trees take deeper roots.
A bold attempt is half success.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
Where there is life, there is hope.
I feel strongly that I can make it.
Difficult circumstances serve as a textbook of life for people.
For man is man and master of his fate.
The good seaman is known in bad weather.
True mastery of any skill takes a lifetime. 
Sweat is the lubricant of success. 
If you are doing your best,you will not have to worry about failure. 
Bravery never goes out of fashion.
Towering genius disdains a beaten path. It seeks regions hitherto unexplored.
You cannot improve your past, but you can improve your future. Once time is wasted, life is wasted.
Don't try so hard, the best things come when you least expect them to.
Every noble work is at first impossible.
